docs: Remove `karpenter.sh/voluntary-disruption` annotation from docs (#4610)
aws/karpenter: website/content/en/preview/concepts/deprovisioning.md

To enable the drift feature flag, refer to the [Settings Feature Gates]({{<ref "./settings#feature-gates" >}}).

> Karpenter will add `MachineDrifted` status condition on the machines if the machine is drifted, and does not have the status condition,

Reviewer: This will come out of date as soon as we refer to this as "NodeClaims". @jonathan-innis, are we gonna do a docs pass afterwards?

Karpenter will remove the  `MachineDrifted` status condition for the following these scenarios:

> 1. The `featureGates.driftEnabled` is not enabled but the node is drifted, karpenter will remove the status condition so other disruption controllers can add status conditions the machine.

Reviewer 2: The latter part of this sentence was only true because we put both annotations on the same key. you can remove this now.
```suggestion
1. The `featureGates.driftEnabled` is not enabled but the node is drifted, karpenter will remove the status condition.
```

> 2. The machine isn't drifted, but has the annotation, karpenter will remove it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. The machine isn't drifted, but has the status condition, karpenter will remove it.
```

To enable the drift feature flag, refer to the [Settings Feature Gates]({{<ref "./settings#feature-gates" >}}).

Karpenter will annotate the nodes with the `karpenter.sh/voluntary-disruption: "drifted"` if the node is drifted, and does not have the annotation,

> Karpenter will remove the  `karpenter.sh/voluntary-disruption: "drifted"` annotation for the following these scenarios:

Reviewer 2: We do a status condition now instead. Can you add replace this information with the same information about the status condition?
